Gen I is real and it's going to reimagine the most
part of your the entire value chain of your clients,
right?
So whether we are focusing the entire value chain of TDLC, uh these two days,
the entire value chain
will disrupt and it will reimagine basically the way
uh we typically used to do work.
So what I will do is that, you know, let's start with
the messaging that we are giving to the clients, right?
Because all of you are expected now to have these conversations with your clients
and simplifying it
and more showing through examples and how actually we tell the narrative to
the clients that what do you mean by redefining new ways of delivery?
Right? So how it will happen?
So that's the narrative,
what we have built it and we have kind of uh this is what we kind of show and tell
uh the clients on the CX Os, right? So we have met like around more than uh
probably 200 CX Os in the last 34 months.
And this end to end differentiated journey,
like everybody is doing something on gen
I, so many of our clients have also established J AC OE as you know, right.
So there are so many partner products,
giap
co pilots of the world and, and AWS code, you know,
Code Whisper and so many other products and so many foundation models also,
right when we started
and every, every now and then there are new foundation models.
So how do you make sense of it?
Um And where basically our accenture differentiation
is actually synergize with the clients,
right?
So that's the journey that's, that's probably the narrative first, let us discuss
and then let's have a question and then
you will have a lot of peeling of the onions in the next
two days to understand the nitty gritties of the entire uh narrative,
right?
So if you see that, right? So this current state,
this is all uh you, you, we all know, right?
So, so every of the uh most of the clients uh ecosystem it stack uh you know,
it kind of represent this, right?
So which basically means there are a lot of data silos,
uh most of our clients have grown uh inorganically by acquisition.
So there's a lot of legacy,
take overlap of tools in multiple different lines of business, right?
Um So a lot of inoperative ability and uh you know, the problems,
those are the common problems in any of the it world of, of our clients.
Now the target state is where everybody want to go, right?
So how can you simplify the processes, how can you simplify the system, have a clean
digital core?
Uh then you can you know,
build the power of A I data cloud all of that on top of that to kind of build efficiency.
So how you get to this target state?
And that's why if you all remember last couple of years, right?
So we have so many narratives in accenture, right?
So we had uh the living systems and narrative,
the the uh tech enterprise reinvention narrative run to new narrative, all of that,
right?
So all of that is basically to tell that narrative that how we can help the client in
compress transformation in moving from current state to the
target state faster better uh in a seamless way.
Now, you know the most
impacting
technology, right? The JA I, with the advent of JA, I
think this is the most powerful technology ever
where where actually we can tell the client that with this,
we can really help you to kind of do this from the current state to target state.
And and if you see this,
you will see these slides a lot more and you should
use these slides a lot more and the demos behind that,
right?
To kind of uh tell um uh how we can simplify things for our client.
So these are the five steps,
what we have kind of synthesized based on all our learnings
and what we have done that how really in TDL CJ,
I can
make that transformative changes for our clients.
See the first one if you see
knowledge.
So here, what we are telling is that
creating your living enterprise knowledge for our clients?
And were we not doing that earlier?
But the way we were doing earlier and now it's a completely,
completely different way of doing things, right?
So earlier, when we're talking about knowledge, we used to say about that,
how we can digitize your work flows in a tool.
So how we can you know, harvest uh the complex uh flows of, of, of,
of a solution or a problem solving into a digitized
format so that people can kind of use it easily.
But now there are three paradigm shift in the
enterprise knowledge that what we can actually do through
a
point. A
all your traditional sources of knowledge
can be part of that knowledge base, right,
which we are calling it in the uh in the terminology
as we'll talk about the vector database and all of that.
But, but to simplify things that
the traditional sources of knowledge, what do you mean by that?
So all your
sops that you are generating all your
uh you know, the incident reports, your uh problem investigation reports,
uh your batch reports, your business processes analysis,
if you're doing it for your clients, right?
So all of those traditional sources of knowledge
is, is part of this point A
point B is all your implicit knowledge that
is there in your sme s,
how do we capture that earlier? It was very difficult to capture.
Now, for example, let's say an end user calls the service desk for A P one incident,
right?
Those calls typically gets recorded in something like AWS
connect, right?
Imagine and, and all of those calls that gets,
gets recorded or your P one bridge calls that get recorded, right?
So that has plethora of
tapped knowledge inside that, right?
Because you are discussing systems, you are discussing the root cause analysis,
you are discussing the flow of the data and then
you are trying to basically come up with a solution,
right?
So all of those tapped knowledge in those recordings,
you know, can be summarized now very, very, you know,
beautifully by generative with a high degree of efficiency
and that can be your party for knowledge base,
which
was not able to, you know, contextualizing that that is point B
point C which was
the game changer,
which was absolutely not possible at is basically
the knowledge you get from the code.
So for example, you know, we inherit a lot of applications,
we take over a lot of applications for a new deal and then support that right?
In terms of maintaining that or in
terms of bringing continuous enhancements in those,
that's what we do, right?
So in our A MS word
and, and, and I MS Word,
imagine that if you can
reverse engineer their applications.
And that entire complexity of code
can be now
synthesized into a simple English documents.
In terms of your you know, I can have code explanation in simple English,
I can derive I can create your you know,
the user stories in simple English that what is the features and what
are the user stories that comprise this
entire application which I'm reverse engineering?
What is the you know, test scripts?
What is the test cases to test these U user stories, right?
Which builds this application.
So that entire now of complex application is basically can be
reverse reverse engineered into a complete set of English documents,
right?
Which is readable, understandable. Anyone can understand
that goes into your knowledge base as well.
Now with that, imagine if you put AJ A I enabled chat interface on top of that,
how you know transformative is that chat interface
compared to what we used to earlier?
Now if you remember earlier, also last 34 years, there was a lot of A I based chatbots,
but still there were a lot of uh I mean there
was not that seamless human experience in most of them,
right?
Because then that's where if you had seen
the adaptability of those chat boards were not
very high because they always used to,
you know,
look for some of the specific words in your questions or intent based on that.
It would it used to go to FA
Q and give you the answers.
But here the contextualizing is so much broader and deeper
because of all these three things that I told you,
right?
So so much of information now goes there.
So now in the chat interface,
if you're an L two or an L three engineer from a TDLC perspective, I am saying, right,
I can ask a technical question. I think that
you know how,
how the data is flowing from these applications and
and what are the typical problem segments of,
you know, the order not getting processed?
For example,
or it will actually contextualizing and give you a lot better, you know,
richer information because of the how we have set up this knowledge base.
Imagine a business user who, who has a business problems
and to answer that business problem now,
I mean,
it can actually contextualize what is written in your code, right?
If it does not find the information in your service now take or the other sops,
it can actually go through all the reverse engineered code, right?
Because your code,
your business logic will be there in the code that
you have rivers engineered into a set of English documents.
It will just go through that and we'll be able to answer you that quickly
so that efficacy will be significantly higher.
So that basically is a game changer and the clients
really love it because if you see current client problems,
they have given their outsourcing work to so many different vendors
and, and and over a period of time, most of the clients,
they have lost their ability of,
of the knowledge of their own business processes because
it is now supported by so many vendor applications.
Now, once you build this,
then it becomes like a, you know,
such a powerful sources of information and knowledge and wisdom.
That's the first point of it.
The second point, the second aspect is your hyper
automation. So the hyper
automation is the step change.
It's not a game changer because we used to do a lot of hyper automation
as well, right? Using our uh intelligent automation rps,
uh
predictive I assets, all of that.
But with J
what happens
we can do it much broader and faster.
So for example, a lot of those automation scripts
you can generate directly from your code
generation engine like your github Copilot,
right?
You don't have to write everything from, from scratch.
Uh
you can generate workflows, right?
So how to solve a particular type of problems, right?
What are the different types of work flows?
You can use it by taking the part of your foundation models and the knowledge,
client context, knowledge, uh enterprise knowledge that you are creating, right?
You you will be able to do root cause analysis much better because for example,
for a service now ticket, you will not have so much of information, right?
But you can add additional information into your
request for a service. Now, tickets
by doing the contextualization
of so many things that are already there in a knowledge base.
So your ability to solve tickets will be much faster.
You know,
the junior person in the team also does not have to in the previous way of working.
A lot of times they had to wait for the senior guys to help them out,
not required because you are actually now you know,
taking the help of your enterprise knowledge base and and all of
these technologies to get kind of do the things much more faster.
Now 345 again is is a huge transformative changes which was hard, not possible.
So take debt reduction through
zero text
earlier,
we always used to talk about tech debt reduction but now it is like really real,
you can see it.
So what happens to gen I is that
you can actually do your change impact in analysis.
So you can reverse engineer code. I said that right?
And you can generate a lot of the English language.
Now
there is a new change that you have to put in in your uh that application code, right?
So a change request is coming now the J I
will be able to understand the change request uh context
and since it has already reverse engineered everything
and it has also created a topology right?
Connecting your,
you know, connecting your methods and functions to you know, the underlying
clear
and all of that, right?
It will be able to, it will give you a recommendation that which are the different
code files that will get changed because of these changes,
it will even recommend the snippets of code.
For those changes, it will generate the new, you know,
the the test script or the test cases that you need to even test that new change.
So that is again a game changer, right?
And of course,
in every one of the steps you need to have human loop because
for everything in a you need a human loop to basically validate things
but things will be so much faster, right?
And we have and all of these 0.12345 we have done pilots,
many of those use cases are already in production in some of the clients.
So we have seen real, right?
So for example, in just three months of pilot,
we have seen around 10 to 15% of productivity improvement in many clients, imagine.
And when you can do this for your five years contract, right?
From beginning, if you can really think through it,
I mean,
you can do really like wonders um
by understanding those client processes and everything.
The fourth is accelerated business reinvention. So what is that?
It is all about your forward engineering use cases, right?
So for example, when you are building something,
so as a
he was mentioning, right?
So the so github,
co pilots of the world and and the other code recommended engines,
they are mainly focused on generating code and generating unit cases, right?
So and code explanation,
but your software engineering is everything right.
So right from how do you do requirements, how do you write user stories?
How do you write design documents?
So this business accelerated reinvention is nothing about.
So we have through our platform now
we have
connected the dots from
tenter software engineering life cycle.
So right from generating the user stories to qualify the quality
of those user stories to generation of the design document,
your functional, you know, application architecture, functional architecture,
technology architecture,
once you build the technology architecture, provisioning those environments
and the resources automatically using C ID pipelines, right?
Then your entire test management, your code generation, your test management,
creating test data, creating boilerplates to deploy.
So in every phase of your software engineering, if you are,
if you are kind of building applications
generative,
I will help you to do it better faster. So the so the that trans
that that compressed transformation which we all
kind of been talking in accenture,
right?
You can really do that
uh you know like really faster and and and your speed of value,
the speed to market and speed to value both will increase significantly, right?
So that's about the accelerated business
convention. And the last but not the least when we say build future ready system,
we will be able to do that now much better because see
this is again, very powerful. So a lot of clients were going and are going
big transformation programs, right?
But if you see the macroeconomic situation now,
very few clients are willing to do a large transformation program, right? Because
um it's, it's it's a lot of changes, right? And, and, and a lot of money.
But now what we can say through ja I
to the client that instead of big transformation,
we can help you through a series of micro transformations.
And what I mean by that,
you know, the savings that you can do through all of these top four, right?
Actually can be helping a self funded series of micro transformation.
So, so for example, let's take that I really,
the client really want to modernize their applications.
We will say that OK, let's take piecemeal, right?
Let's take one of your critical business process.
For example, let's say supply chain,
let's look at the uh application
stack
and
the
now instead of completely doing a rela
you know, and reimagining your everything together,
we can do PP we can say that let's focus only from your front end.
So if you have, if you're using a client is using, let's say oracle forms, right?
If I have to need those change that to let's say a modern technology like angular,
which is much more nimble, user friendly and, and, and, and you know,
we can actually do only that part of it
show the value to the client,
then you take the next series of transformations.
So now with the gen I,
we will be able to actually then do this
series of micro transformation instead of a Big Bang approach
and all this narrative, right? Combination of this 1 to 5, if you look at it
is going to reimagine completely the way the clients really you know,
are looking at it to kind of change the right it
state and bring the value to it.
Now, will every client need all these five steps?
No, but this narrative is very,
very important because these are very very complementary
and work cohesively with each other each other.
Now, you know, a lot of our CX, for example, looking at different things.
So one of the client like they're looking at knowledge as a service.
So they really love this concept of of this enterprise knowledge services, right?
So another client like Dell, which is a tech company, right?
So they are so excited,
they are looking at kind of discussing at an enterprise uh option of our, you know,
our platform
to basically they want to mainly use it as a migration as a service, right?
Which basically they have a lot of legacy tech stack.
They want to kind of see, you know, in, in, in,
in c quite quickly want to kind of reimagine those legacy to
our modern technology.
So there are like whole gamut of discussions that we are doing it through plan.